This tour package is specially designed for those who have limited time and want to explore Taj Mahal in one day with Incredible Trip. Book Taj Mahal tour by Gatimaan Express train from Delhi with Incredible Trip. Just book your Gatimaan Express train ticket and get instant confirmation of Taj Mahal sightseeing in Agra. You can pay the travel fare on arrival in Agra or after completing the journey as per the itinerary. Enjoy a luxurious and comfortable ride from Delhi to Agra on the Gatimaan Express and back to Delhi; meals are served on the train.

Tour Program

GATIMAAN TRAIN SCHEDULE:

Morning (From Delhi to Agra)

08:00 AM Depart from Hazrat Nizamuddin Railway Station.

09:50 AM Arrive at Agra Cant Railway Station.

Evening (From Agra to Delhi)

05:50 PM Depart from Agra Cant Railway Station.

08:00 PM Arrive at Hazrat Nizamuddin.

Your sightseeing will start at:

07:45 AM: Arrive at Agra Railway Station.

09:50 AM Meet our representative at Agra Cant Railway Station.


09:50 AM Arrival in Agra
On arrival at Agra Cantt Railway Station, our chauffeur and representative will assist you with the sightseeing of Agra.

10:00 AM Taj Mahal Sightseeing
Visit the Taj Mahal, one of the seven wonders of the world.

Taj Mahal is considered to be the greatest architectural achievement in the whole range of Indo-Islamic architecture. It is a masterpiece of architectural style in conception, treatment, and execution and has unique aesthetic qualities in balance, symmetry, and harmonious blending of various elements.

12:00 PM Get Experience about the Inlay Work
After exploring the beauty of Taj Mahal, visit the marble factory to experience how the semi-precious stone work is done on Taj Mahal by the Persian artist in the 17th century, which is famously known as inlay work.

01:00 PM Lunch
Visit to have lunch in traditional multi-cuisine restaurants.

01:45 PM Explore Agra Fort
Discover the Agra fort, one of the best forts in India, built by Emperor Akbar.

The construction of the Agra fort started around 1565, when the initial structures were built by the Mughal Emperor Akbar and subsequently taken over by his grandson Shah Jahan, who added most of the marble creations to the fort.

03:30 PM Mehtab Bagh Sightseeing
Mehtab Bagh is Beautiful beautiful resort on the other side of the Yamuna River where you can enjoy the beautiful view of Taj Mahal, and it looks amazing at sunset. It is noted that Emperor Shah Jahan had identified a site from the crescent-shaped, grass-covered floodplain across the Yamuna River as an ideal location for viewing the Taj Mahal. Later, it was created as a moonlit pleasure garden, which is today famously called as Mehtab Bagh

05:00 PM: Departure towards Delhi.
Transfer to the railway station to board your train to Delhi for your onward journey.

TOUR END

Inclusion
Pick-up and drop-off are at Agra Railway Station.
Sightseeing by Ac car in Agra City.
Mineral water is to be served while sightseeing.
Live English-speaking tour guide, approved by the Ministry of Tourism, Government of India.
Guaranteed to skip the long lines
Tonga Ride in Agra.
Free WiFi in Car
All taxes, fuel charges, driver allowance, etc.


Exclusion
Entrance tickets for all monuments.
Gratuities (optional)
Alcoholic drinks (available to purchase)
Food and drinks (unless specified)
Insurance

